["Course Outlines – BCIT Skip to main content Utility Navigation Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Utility Navigation (mobile) Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation (mobile) Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Attend an Info Session Apply to a Program Give to BCIT Search Course Outlines COMP 2721 Computer Organization/Architecture School School of Computing and Academic Studies Program Computer Systems Technology (CST) Diploma Course Credits 4 Minimum Passing Grade 50% Start Date January 04, 2022 End Date April 22, 2022 Total Hours 60 Total Weeks 15 Hours/Weeks 4 Delivery Type Lecture Pre-requisites COMP 1113   and    COMP 1510 CRN 86158 Acknowledgement of Territories The British Columbia Institute of Technology acknowledges that our campuses are located on the unceded traditional territories of the Coast Salish Nations of Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), səl̓ilwətaɁɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), and xwməθkwəy̓əm (Musqueam). Instructor Details Name Jason Wilder E-mail jason_wilder@bcit.ca Location SW2-301 (also email) Office Hours By appointment via video conferencing Course Description Computer organization is a fundamental topic for computer science students and for any future programmers. The course gives a good understanding of the computer hardware and how software is built on a specific hardware. The\ncomputer is regarded as a hierarchy of levels, each one performing some well-defined functions from the device level (hardware) to the problem-oriented language level. Each level is discussed and analyzed in detail. Course Learning Outcomes/Competencies Upon successful completion of this course, the student will be able to: Analyze and diagram the layered-architecture of a modern computer. Explain the basic concepts and terminology related to Computer Architecture and Organization. Discuss and compare modern machine architectures. Apply theories related to internal functional units to the performance analysis of various machine architectures. Explain and describe the characteristic of CPU architectures currently in use. Explain the integration and operation I/O devices and their impact on overall machine performance. Solve problems related to the performance and design of various computer architectures. Learning Resources Required: Structured Computer Organization (Sixth Edition) ISBN 0-13-148521-0 Andrew S. Tanenbaum Prentice-Hall Course Goals Evaluation Criteria Daily quizzes in the labs: 35% Research presentations: 15% Midterm exam: 25% Final exam: 25% Attendance Requirements Regular attendance in lectures, seminars, and labs is seen as critical to student success, and may be monitored by faculty. Unapproved absence of 2 or more classes may result in failure or forced withdrawal from the course or program. Please see Policy 5101 - Student Regulations: http://www.bcit.ca/files/pdf/policies/5101.pdf Other information Any form of plagiarism will result in a grade of ZERO for the first instance. – removed and replaced with the Academic Integrity statement. Plagiarism and other forms of cheating will not be tolerated: Students are encouraged to work in groups to develop peer to peer communication and support. However each student must complete and submit their own individual work (not copies of the same assignment) and not material found online or recycled from other courses. Assignments and labs are to be completed by each student on an individual basis unless stated otherwise. Academic misconduct also includes providing solutions to other students: Students who cheat or enable other students to cheat will be documented and kept on file. Any subsequent instances of academic misconduct will meet with harsher penalties. Penalties include being dropped with no refund and failing the course and/or being indefinitely removed from the program Academic Integrity: Violation of academic integrity, including plagiarism, dishonesty in assignments, examinations, or other academic performances are prohibited and will be handled in accordance with Policy 5104 - Academic Integrity and Appeals , and accompanying procedures. Course Schedule and Assignments Week Topic 1 - week of January 3 (in lieu) New Year's Day: No classes 1 - week of January 10 Overview John von Neumann Terminology Logarithms and powers of 2 Computer architecture layers Translation Interpretation RISC vs. CISC Hardware design principles Cache overview 2 - week of January 17 Clock speed and frequency von-Neumann datapath Pipelining, bandwidth, latency Error-correcting codes Error detection Hamming code 3 - week of January 24 More Hamming code Hard-disk drives Solid-state drives 4 - week of January 31 Circuits Multiplexers Decoders Gates Truth tables Word problems 1-bit ALU Buses, chips, and pins 5 - week of Februrary 7 Synchronous-bus read timing Asynchronous 6 - week of February 14 Midterm Examination Week (No classes) 7 - week of February 21 No classes: Family Day 8 - week of February 28 Registers and latches Register sets Bus Arbitration Single-bus datapath in the CPU 9 - week of March 7 More datapath Microcode and microprogramming Direct-mapped cache overview Logarithms 10 - week of March 14 Spring break (No classes) 11 - week of March 21 Direct-mapped cache Virtual addressing Main memory Where memory goes in cache 12 - week of March 28 More direct-mapped cache Cache placement Set-associative cache 13 - week of April 4 Instruction formats Expanding opcodes 14 - week of April 11 Assembly programming 15 - week of April 12/18 Final Examination (not cumulative) (No classes) BCIT Policy Any student who needs special assistance in the event of a medical emergency or building evacuation (either because of a disability or for any other reason) should promptly inform their course instructor(s) and Accessibility Services of their personal circumstances. Human Rights, Harassment and Discrimination: The BCIT community is made up of individuals from every ability, background, experience and identity, each contributing uniquely to the richness and diversity of the BCIT community as a whole. In recognition of this, and the intrinsic value of our diversity, BCIT seeks to foster a climate of collaboration, understanding and mutual respect between all members of the community and ensure an inclusive accessible working and learning environment where everyone can succeed. Respect, Diversity, and Inclusion is a supportive resource for both students and employees of BCIT, to foster a respectful learning and working environment. Any student who feels that they are experiencing discrimination or harassment (personal or human rights-related) can confidentially access this resource for advice and support. Please see Policy 7507 – Harassment and Discrimination and accompanying procedure. Students should make themselves aware of additional Education, Administration, Safety and other BCIT policies listed at https://www.bcit.ca/about/administration/policies.shtml Guidelines for School of Computing and Academic Studies Attempts: Students must successfully complete a course within a maximum of three (3) attempts at the course.  Students with two attempts in a single course will be allowed to repeat the course only upon special written permission from the Associate Dean.  Students who have not successfully completed a course within three attempts will not be eligible to graduate from their respective program. Approved I verify that the content of this course outline is current. Jason Harrison, Instructor December 28, 2021 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed. Chi En Huang, Program Head December 28, 2021 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed and complies with BCIT policy. Aaron Hunter, Acting Associate Dean December 28, 2021 Note: Should changes be required to the content of this course outline, students will be given reasonable notice. Contact 3700 Willingdon Ave. Burnaby, British Columbia Canada V5G 3H2 bcit.ca Telephone: 604-434-5734 Toll-free (Can/US): 1-866-434-1610 More contact numbers Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Feedback Copyright Privacy Visit Apply Now Give News Events Careers Campus Information Burnaby Campus Downtown Campus Marine Campus Aerospace Technology Campus Annacis Island Campus Feedback Copyright Privacy", 'Course Outlines – BCIT Skip to main content Utility Navigation Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Utility Navigation (mobile) Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation (mobile) Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Attend an Info Session Apply to a Program Give to BCIT Search Course Outlines COMP 2714 Relational Database Systems School School of Computing and Academic Studies Program Computer Systems Technology (CST) Diploma Course Credits 5 Minimum Passing Grade 50% Start Date January 04, 2022 End Date April 22, 2022 Total Hours 75 Total Weeks 15 Hours/Weeks 5 Delivery Type Lecture Pre-requisites COMP 1712 CRN 86157 Acknowledgement of Territories The British Columbia Institute of Technology acknowledges that our campuses are located on the unceded traditional territories of the Coast Salish Nations of Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), səl̓ilwətaɁɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), and xwməθkwəy̓əm (Musqueam). Instructor Details Name Alireza Davoodi E-mail adavoodi@bcit.ca Location online Office Hours Office Hours will be posted on the Learning Hub. Office hours will be via video conferencing. Course Description This course covers relational database technology, including basic concepts, relational algebra, enhanced entity-relationship data modeling, functional dependencies and normalization, design methodology, SQL query language (DDL and DML), views, access control and transaction management. Students design and implement a database application using RDBMS. Also covers some current database trends such as data warehousing and OLAP and use of databases through web technology. Course Learning Outcomes/Competencies At the end of this course, the student will be able to: Describe the functions and characteristics of the relational database model. Apply techniques of database design including: Enhanced entity-relationship modeling. Functional dependencies and normalization. Derivation of relations schema from EER models. Apply database design process to design and implement a database application. Use SQL to implement and query a relational database including: Data definition language (DDL) and constraints. Data manipulation language (DML) for data insert, update and delete. Data manipulation language (DML) for data queries, including subqueries and views. Data control language (DCL) for access control. Discuss techniques for transaction management and concurrency control. Describe the use of databases in data warehousing and OLAP. Learning Resources Main reference [Optional]: Fundamentals of Database Systems, 7th Edition, Elmasri & Navathe, ISBN-10: 0133971112 • ISBN-13: 9780133971118 Supplementary-Optional: Database Systems Design, Implementation, and Management, 13e, by Carlos Coronel, et al, Cengage Learning, ISBN: 978-1337627900 Evaluation Criteria Assignments 15% 4 Assignments Tutorials 5% Attendance + Participation Labs-Practical 10% Quizzes 10% Midterm Exam 30% Final Exam 30% Total 100 Attendance Requirements Regular attendance in lectures, seminars, and labs is seen as critical to student success, and may be monitored by faculty. Unapproved absence of 2 or more classes may result in failure or forced withdrawal from the course or program. Please see Policy 5101 - Student Regulations: http://www.bcit.ca/files/pdf/policies/5101.pdf Course Specific Requirements N/A Course topics The course is divided into 5 Modules: Modules Topics Module1: ER Model Module2: Relational Model Module3: SQL Module4: Functional Dependencies (FDs) and Normalization Module5: Database Management and Please check out the details below Week # Week of Lectures/Topics (Thursdays) Lecture -Tutorials (Thursdays) Practical - Labs Quizzes Assignments Week 1 Jan3-Jan7 Intro to the course+Introduction to Database Systems 1.1-ER Basic Tutorial No Lab Week 2 Jan10-Jan14 Entity-Relationship Model 1.2 ER Advanced Tutorial Module 1 Case Study-Start Assignment 1: ER Models Due: Jan 28 Week 3 Jan17-Jan21 Relational Model 2.1 Relational Model Module 1 Case Study-Continue+Working on the Assignment 1 Week 4 Jan24-Jan28 Relational Model (Cont.) 2.2 Mapping Module 2 Case Study-Start Week 5 Jan31-Feb4 Introduction to SQL 3.0 Setting up SQL Module 2 Case Study-Continue + Working on Assignment 2 Quiz 1 Assignment 2: Relational Model Due: Feb 25 Note: No assignment activity is expected during the exam week Week 6 Feb7-Feb11 SQL - DDL 3.1 SQL Introduction Working on Assignment 2 Week 7 Feb14-Feb18 Midterm Exam Week - No Class Week 8 Feb21-Feb25 SQL - DML 3.2 SQL Basic Case Study 3.1: SQL: DDL Week 9 Feb28-March4 SQL - Advanced 3.3 SQL Advanced Case Study 3.2: SQL: DML Assignment 3: SQL Due: March 11 Week 10 March7-March11 FDs and Normalization-1 FDs and Normalization-2 Case Study 3.2: SQL: DML + Working Assignment 3 Quiz 2 Week 11 March14-March18 Spring Break-No Class Week 12 March21-March25 FDs and Normalization-3 4.1 Functional Dependencies Module 4 Case Study 1 Week 13 March28-April1 Database Design and Theory 4.2 Normalisation Module 4 Case Study 2 + Working on Assignment 4 Assignment 4: Normalization Due: April 11 Week 14 April4-April8 Database Security and Operations Access Control and Transaction Management Data Warehousing & OLAP Quiz 3 Week 15 April 11 Last Day of the classes April 12 Study Day - No Class April 13-April14 Final Exam - No Class Week 16 April 15-April18 Easter Long Weekend - No Class April 19-April21 Final Exam - No Class BCIT Policy Any student who needs special assistance in the event of a medical emergency or building evacuation (either because of a disability or for any other reason) should promptly inform their course instructor(s) and Accessibility Services of their personal circumstances. Human Rights, Harassment and Discrimination: The BCIT community is made up of individuals from every ability, background, experience and identity, each contributing uniquely to the richness and diversity of the BCIT community as a whole. In recognition of this, and the intrinsic value of our diversity, BCIT seeks to foster a climate of collaboration, understanding and mutual respect between all members of the community and ensure an inclusive accessible working and learning environment where everyone can succeed. Respect, Diversity, and Inclusion is a supportive resource for both students and employees of BCIT, to foster a respectful learning and working environment. Any student who feels that they are experiencing discrimination or harassment (personal or human rights-related) can confidentially access this resource for advice and support. Please see Policy 7507 – Harassment and Discrimination and accompanying procedure. Students should make themselves aware of additional Education, Administration, Safety and other BCIT policies listed at https://www.bcit.ca/about/administration/policies.shtml Guidelines for School of Computing and Academic Studies Attempts: Students must successfully complete a course within a maximum of three (3) attempts at the course.  Students with two attempts in a single course will be allowed to repeat the course only upon special written permission from the Associate Dean.  Students who have not successfully completed a course within three attempts will not be eligible to graduate from their respective program. Approved I verify that the content of this course outline is current. Alireza Davoodi, Instructor January 04, 2022 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed. Chi En Huang, Program Head January 04, 2022 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed and complies with BCIT policy. Aaron Hunter, Acting Associate Dean January 04, 2022 Note: Should changes be required to the content of this course outline, students will be given reasonable notice. Contact 3700 Willingdon Ave. Burnaby, British Columbia Canada V5G 3H2 bcit.ca Telephone: 604-434-5734 Toll-free (Can/US): 1-866-434-1610 More contact numbers Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Feedback Copyright Privacy Visit Apply Now Give News Events Careers Campus Information Burnaby Campus Downtown Campus Marine Campus Aerospace Technology Campus Annacis Island Campus Feedback Copyright Privacy', 'Course Outlines – BCIT Skip to main content Utility Navigation Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Utility Navigation (mobile) Learning Hub myBCIT Students Staff COVID-19 Info Main Navigation (mobile) Programs & Courses Applied & Natural Sciences Business & Media Computing & IT Engineering Health Sciences Trades & Apprenticeships International Students English Training Academic Dates & Deadlines Admission Why BCIT? How to Apply Entrance Requirements Tuition & Fees Program Availability After You Apply Forms Contact Us Student Services Academic & Learning Services Campus Amenities Financial Aid & Awards Library Health & Wellness Safety & Security Student Life & Housing Technology Workplace & Career Opportunities Indigenous Initiatives International Student Centre Student Association Research Working with Us Research Centres Contact Research Applied Research Liaison Office Research Support People & Committees Centre for Applied Research & Innovation Research Funding Student Opportunities About BCIT Visit Us Our Schools Community Leadership & Vision News & Events Careers at BCIT Attend an Info Session Apply to a Program Give to BCIT Search Course Outlines COMP 2510 Procedural Programming School School of Computing and Academic Studies Program Computer Systems Technology (CST) Diploma Course Credits 5 Minimum Passing Grade 50% Start Date January 04, 2022 End Date April 22, 2022 Total Hours 75 Total Weeks 15 Hours/Weeks 5 Delivery Type Lecture Pre-requisites COMP 1510 or (PTS equivalents COMP 1409 and COMP 1451). CRN 86155 Acknowledgement of Territories The British Columbia Institute of Technology acknowledges that our campuses are located on the unceded traditional territories of the Coast Salish Nations of Sḵwx̱wú7mesh (Squamish), səl̓ilwətaɁɬ (Tsleil-Waututh), and xwməθkwəy̓əm (Musqueam). Instructor Details Name Jee Ho Ryoo E-mail jee_ho_ryoo@bcit.ca Location Online Office Hours Will be posted in the Learning Hub. Course Description This hands-on course follows on from COMP 1510. This course covers the fundamental concepts of design, development, testing, and debugging intermediate-level programs in a procedural language. Topics include language syntax, data abstraction and encapsulation, error handling, graphical user interfaces, and the implementation of selected data structures and algorithms. Course Learning Outcomes/Competencies Upon successful completion of this course, the student will be able to: Apply the properties of good procedural software design including encapsulation, information hiding, and functional decomposition to create easily extensible systems in the context of intermediate-level programs. Decompose a program into multiple modules with well defined interfaces. Analyze and explain behaviour of intermediate-level programs involving procedural programming constructs including encapsulation, information hiding, and functional decomposition. Write programs using file processing to read and write textual or binary data. Manage dynamic memory. Design, implement, debug and test intermediate-level procedural programs in a modern high-level procedural programming language. Develop recursive functions and compare recursion to iteration. Use pointers to implement data structures and explain their relation to arrays and strings. Implement data structures and basic algorithms including linked lists, binary search trees, insertion sort, selection sort & binary search. Learning Resources Software: The GNU C Compiler (gcc) (Required) A free copy of the JetBrains CLion Professional IDE (instructions provided at first lab) You can request your free JetBrains Education License in advance here: https://www.jetbrains.com/community/education/#students Textbook: Please note that these are not required : Programming in C (4th edition), Stephen G. Kochan, Addison-Wesley, ISBN: 0321776410 (Optional) C Primer Plus (6th edition), Stephen Prata, Addison-Wesley, ISBN: 0321928423 (Optional) Course Goals Upon successful completion of this course, the student will be able to: Apply the properties of good procedural software design including encapsulation, information hiding, and functional decomposition to create easily extensible systems in the context of intermediate-level programs. Decompose a program into multiple modules with well defined interfaces. Analyze and explain behaviour of intermediate-level programs involving procedural programming constructs including encapsulation, information hiding, and functional decomposition. Write programs using file processing to read and write textual or binary data. Manage dynamic memory. Design, implement, debug and test intermediate-level procedural programs in a modern high-level procedural programming language. Develop recursive functions and compare recursion to iteration. Use pointers to implement data structures and explain their relation to arrays and strings. Implement data structures and basic algorithms including linked lists, binary search trees, insertion sort, selection sort & binary search. Evaluation Criteria Criteria % Comments Labs and Quizzes 35 Assignments 15 Midterm Exam 20 Final Exam 30 Cumulative Exam Attendance Requirements Regular attendance in lectures, seminars, and labs is seen as critical to student success, and may be monitored by faculty. Unapproved absence of 2 or more classes may result in failure or forced withdrawal from the course or program. Please see Policy 5101 - Student Regulations: http://www.bcit.ca/files/pdf/policies/5101.pdf Course Specific Requirements Assignments: Late assignments, quizzes, lab submissions or exam submissions will not be accepted for marking. Assignments must be done on an individual basis unless otherwise specified by the instructor. Makeup Labs, Tests, Exams or Quizzes: There will be no makeup labs, tests, exams or quizzes. If you miss a lab, test, exam or quiz, you will receive zero marks. Exceptions may be made for documented medical reasons or extenuating circumstances. In such a case, it is the responsibility of the student to inform the instructor immediately. Ethics: BCIT assumes that all students attending the Institute will follow a high standard of ethics. Incidents of cheating or plagiarism may, therefore, result in a grade of zero for the assignment, quiz, test, exam, or project for all parties involved and/or expulsion from the course. Course Schedule and Assignments Week # Topic 1 Introduction to C, Arrays, etc 2 Introduction to Pointers 3 More Pointers, Recursive Programming, Console I/O 4 File I/O; More on recursion; Command Line Arguments 5 Pointers in detail; Array of pointers 6 Review of Data Type; Bit Manipulation; Pratice Problems 7 Midterm Exam 8 Structs; Dynamic Memory; C Preprocessor 9 Function Pointers; Generics 10 Introduction to Data Structures; Linked Lists 11 Spring Break 12 Binary Trees; Binary Search Trees 13 Doubly linked lists; LCA problem 14 Special Topic 15 Final Exam BCIT Policy Any student who needs special assistance in the event of a medical emergency or building evacuation (either because of a disability or for any other reason) should promptly inform their course instructor(s) and Accessibility Services of their personal circumstances. Human Rights, Harassment and Discrimination: The BCIT community is made up of individuals from every ability, background, experience and identity, each contributing uniquely to the richness and diversity of the BCIT community as a whole. In recognition of this, and the intrinsic value of our diversity, BCIT seeks to foster a climate of collaboration, understanding and mutual respect between all members of the community and ensure an inclusive accessible working and learning environment where everyone can succeed. Respect, Diversity, and Inclusion is a supportive resource for both students and employees of BCIT, to foster a respectful learning and working environment. Any student who feels that they are experiencing discrimination or harassment (personal or human rights-related) can confidentially access this resource for advice and support. Please see Policy 7507 – Harassment and Discrimination and accompanying procedure. Students should make themselves aware of additional Education, Administration, Safety and other BCIT policies listed at https://www.bcit.ca/about/administration/policies.shtml Guidelines for School of Computing and Academic Studies Attempts: Students must successfully complete a course within a maximum of three (3) attempts at the course.  Students with two attempts in a single course will be allowed to repeat the course only upon special written permission from the Associate Dean.  Students who have not successfully completed a course within three attempts will not be eligible to graduate from their respective program. Approved I verify that the content of this course outline is current. Jee Ho Ryoo, Instructor December 20, 2021 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed. Chi En Huang, Program Head December 27, 2021 I verify that this course outline has been reviewed and complies with BCIT policy. Aaron Hunter, Acting Associate Dean December 28, 2021 Note: Should changes be required to the content of this course outline, students will be given reasonable notice. Contact 3700 Willingdon Ave. Burnaby, British Columbia Canada V5G 3H2 bcit.ca Telephone: 604-434-5734 Toll-free (Can/US): 1-866-434-1610 More contact numbers Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add us on LinkedIn Follow us on Instagram Feedback Copyright Privacy Visit Apply Now Give News Events Careers Campus Information Burnaby Campus Downtown Campus Marine Campus Aerospace Technology Campus Annacis Island Campus Feedback Copyright Privacy']